This program will require writing two java files.  Both source files
must be well documented of course.  

The first file will be called Ant.java  
The second file will be called HW2.java

All fields in Ant.java must be private.  The objective of this program
is to write an ant simulation.  You must have three ants declared in
HW2.java  .   The ants race against each other.  There will
be one command line parameter, D, a positive integer which indicates the
distance to travel. On the first three lines of input will be information
on each ant.  Each of these lines will be of the form: M A S, all integers.
M is the metabolism and A is the agility. S is the stamina.

After these lines, then the ant simulation will start.  There will be two
kinds of lines.
1. travel lines of the form a b c, all ints.
2. World command lines, which can take on various forms.


1. the travel lines correspond to the speed the ant can travel.  However
because of the race conditions the distance traveled is the speed 
divided by agility. Each travel command reduces the stamina of each ant
by the amount M (note this is different for each ant).  

**NOTE** so what does this mean?  Suppose the D value is 10, and ant 1 has
agility of 2.  Suppose further that i enter a travel line and for ant1 it is
4.  Then the distance traveled would be 4/2=2.  So now ant 1 needs to go 
8 units before it finishes.  At this point we do not use this same speed of 4.
So this speed i give is ONLY for one distance computation.  On the next line
I could enter a status command or a squashed or anything else.  Then you
just do whatever processing is necessary for that command.  Eventually I will
enter another travel info command.  Suppose for ant1 its speed is 6.  Then
the distance traveled is 6/2=3.  Thus now ant1 has traveled half the distance
of the whole race (5 units).   So each travel info command, gives the speed
for one "burst".  Any questions let me know.

Once the stamina is at zero, the ant will be penalized.  The penalty will be that the total 
distance this ant has traveled should be decreased by 1 unit.  Then the stamina is
restored to its original value.  So here the concept of eating is removed.  Instead of eating,
the ant will have a distance penatly.  Nothing else should be done.  There may be some
confusion whether to add one to the distance an ant needs to travel would be the same.  And it
is a little different, as this would affect the status command and could create some confusions. 
So to standardize things the distance traveled for this ant should be subtracted by one.  Nothing 
else should be done.

Note the race is over when any ant reaches the final distance, note that this means
if the race is 10 units and a particular ant has traveled 10 units the race is over.
So if the distance traveled is greater or equal to the D value then the race is over.  Once the 
race is over the distance traveled for each ant is displayed for each ant.
Your program should then exit.

2. World commands are as follows:
status  
when this command is read from standard input, the ant number and the 
distance traveled for this ant is printed, one ant per line.  So
ant1 distance traveled
ant2 distance traveled ... is fine

squashed A
this command means an ant was squashed, and it is now out of the race.
When an ant is squashed it will still have an entry in a travel command
but it will be zero.  When a status is requested the ant# with the word
squashed by itself with no distance traveled should be printed.  The A value will be 1,2 or 3, 
indicating which ant was squashed.  So the status will look like ant#A squashed.  A will depend
on which ant it is that is squashed.


energy A B
this causes the stamina of ant A to be incremented by the value B. It
does not change the current stamina, but it increments the original
stamina value by the amount B.
