Write a GUI calculator program. Note that the GUI must be a java swing GUI. 
You should make a simple calculator that can add, subtract, multiply, and 
compute factorial. You should use your BigNumber class as the underlying data 
type of the integers. If your BigNumber class is not working, then you can use 
the int data type, but you will receive points off for doing this. If your big 
number works partially, then use the BigNumber class for what works and then 
use ints for what doesn't work. The calculator must have the digits as buttons 
to enter the numbers. You do not need to write code to allow the user to enter 
a number using the keyboard. You only need to allow the user to enter a number 
using the buttons you provide. You should provide the following functionality. 
First the calculator should look reasonable. Make sure you make the answer 
field allows the user to see the whole result number. You should make sure 
that your window closes 
when the user tries to close it in the standard way. Also suppose i enter a 
number. Then i press the add button. Then i enter another number. I should be 
able to press equals to get the result. However if i press add then you should 
display the result and wait for the next number to add or multiply or whatever 
else i push. You should also provide a clear button to clear the numbers. This 
should allow me to start from scratch just as if the calculator had started 
anew. You should not have separate fields for each number. You must be able to 
use one text field for the input numbers and the output numbers. This requires 
some extra thought. If I type 5 + 2 then I type equals. You should display 7. 
Then I should be able to type equals again, which will add 2 
to the current result. Thus 9 whould display in the text field. Similarly if i 
push equals again 11 should display. I will not enter in a sequence of 
commands like 5 + = However, I can enter in a sequence of commands like 5 = , 
which should display 5 as the answer. It is like an operation that sets the 
output to whatever was input. If i enter 5 + then I hit the clear, then if I 
hit 7 equals it should not display 12, as the clear should clear everything. 
Notice that the program is due on Monday, which is the last day of classes. 
Our last day of class is in november, but the last day of classes for the 
university in general is December 2, which is when all the programs are due. 
However i have given you until early morning on the 3rd. This is the same as 
the extra credit projects.
