In project four you will write two classes.  

THe first class will be the Matrix class, thus you will have one file called
Matrix.java and another file called HW4.java

In the matrix class you must provide the functionality of matrix addition,
scalar multiplication, and full matrix multiplication.  The underlying
data type should be double(each array cell should be a double.  
OF course the data in Matrix.java must be private.

In the HW4.java file you will read from a file to get commands for the 
program.  In HW4 you will need to create a vector of Matrices.  Thus something
like Vector matrices = new Vector();  will initialize the vector of Matrices.
Each vector position will hold a matrix.  
You will read commands from the file entered on the command line.  The 
second command line parameter will be the file to output to.

The file will have the following format
matrix N M  -- this command will signify that you are to create a matrix
with the specified number of dimensions.  Each of the next N lines will
have M double values, which are the elements of the matrix.

add A1 A2 A3... will signify that you are to add the matrices with indices A1,
A2,...
(zero based) together.  The resulting matrix should be stored as a new entry
in the Vector.  The add command will have at least two matrices to add together.

scalar A d --signifies to multiply the matrix at location A by the scalar d,
and the result should be stored as a new entry in the vector of matrices.

mult A1 A2 A3... signifies that you should multiply the specified matrices 
together.  Store the resulting matrix as a new entry in the vector. The
mult command will have at least two matrices to add together.

print A, signifies to print the matrix at location A. A will be a valid index.
You should print this matrix to the output file.

Notice that add or mult could fail, if the dimensions of the matrices are
not appropriate.  If an operation fails then you should print a line to the 
file which says which operation failed.  When an operation fails a new matrix
should not be added to the vector of matrices.
