This is relatively how the program will execute:

Classroom::Classroom - Constructor is first call, reads in all input from input file.

Classroom::PutState - Echoes input

Classroom::Initialize - This will construct a players message pointer and call the initialize method
for each agent involved.

Student::Initialize - This will set the variable instr, so that the student will know who to send
messages to (besides themselves).  Next the function will post an event with a "time of arrival" message
to Student

Instructor::Initialize - This will set the students array so that the instructor knows who to pass
messages to (besides himself).  Next the function will post an event with a "finished prepping" message
to Instructor and also will post an event with a "end of lecture" message to  Instructor.

Classroom::Simulate - This will process every event on the queue until it is emptied


****Here's how the messages will be processed in simulate


Student recieves "time of arrival" message. Variable isPresent is set to true.

Instructor recieves "finished prepping" message. "Begin of concept" message is then sent to Instructor
and to all students.

Instructor recieves "Begin of concept" message.  currConcept is updated. "example" messages are then 
sent to all Students for each example that exists.  "End of Fact" message is also sent to all students
and to Instructor.

Student recieves "Begin of concept" message.  currConcept is updated.

Student recieves "Example" message.  if currConcept == conceptNum, Students understanding is increased.

Student recieves "End of Fact" message.  If understanding < 1, student will queue a question (but not post it yet)

Instructor recieves "End of Fact" message.  If more Facts exist "example" messages are then sent to all 
Students for each example that exists in the next fact.  "End of Fact" message is also sent to all students
and to Instructor. Otherwise "End of Concept" message is sent to all students and self.

Student recieves "end of Concept" message.  For each question on the queue, Student will send instructor a 
"question" message.

Instructor recieves "end of concept" message.  Instructor sends "discussion check" message to self.

Instructor recieves "discussion check" message.  If no questions are asked, currConcept is incremented.  "Begin of concept" 
(with a delay of 0) message is then sent to Instructor and to all students.  If there are questions
"Begin of concept" (with a delay of .75 * discussion) message is then sent to Instructor and to all students. ***NOTE:
if no more concepts are left, Instructor will send "end of lecture" message to self.

Instructor recieves "question" message.  If conceptNum == currConcept, then "example" messages are then 
sent to all Students for each example that exists.  "End of Fact" message is also sent to all students
and to Instructor.  Otherwise the message is ignored.

Instructor recieves "end of lecture". Queue is emptied.  Instructor sends "End of Exam" message to all students.  
Instructor also sends a multiple of "anouncement" messages to each student. Instructor then sends "quiz" message
to each student.

Student recieves "quiz" message. Student puts name on exam.  Student sends "quiz question" message to self.

Student recieved "quiz question" message.  If isPresent = true Student answers question. Otherwise no action is taken. 
If there are more questions, Student send out "quiz question" message to self.  Otherwise, student sends "Quiz" 
message to instructor and set isPresent to false.

Student recieves "anouncement" message. No action taken yet.

Student recieve "end of exam" message.  Student sends "quiz" message to teacher.  isPresent is set to false.

Teacher recieves "quiz" message.  Action has not been determined.  somehow will grade each exam in a serial fashion.




IMPORTANT

A student cannot start learning until isPresent is true
A student cannot learn previous facts.  Only ones that are associated with the current concept.
Once a discussion period has ended, Teacher will not answer any more questions.
All pending material is erased when lecture time is over.
Teacher can grade only one quiz at a time



